updated instructions for Mac M1 chip users (#102)
GSTT-CSC/hazen-web-app: README.md

## Setup on MacOS

### Docker Installation 

> Attention, currently RabbitMQ doesn't work on Mac M1 chip. Therefore you have 2 options:
> -use Docker to run Hazen-web-app
> -run Hazen-web-app on local machine but run RabbitMQ through Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: Currently, RabbitMQ doesn't work on devices with Mac M1 chips. Therefore, you can either:

* Use Docker to run the hazen web app
* Run the hazen web app on your local machine but run RabbitMQ through Docker
```

### Postgres & Postico

> Official Postgres.app installation instructions: [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). Can also be installed using Homebrew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the official Postgres.app installation instructions [here](https://postgresapp.com/), but it can also be installed using Homebrew on macOS and Linux machines.
```
